Allow regex to specify endpoints to serve on an interface (#3970)
microsoft/CCF: doc/operations/certificates.rst

    - ``contact``: A list of contact addresses, usually e-mail addresses, which must be prefixed with ``mailto:``. These contacts may receive notifications about service changes, e.g. certificate revocation or expiry.
    - ``terms_of_service_agreed``: A Boolean confirming that the operator accepts the terms of service for the CA. RFC8555 requires this to be set explicitly by the operator.
    - ``challenge_type``: Currently only `http-01 <https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/>`_ is supported.

>     - ``challenge_server_interface``: Name of the interface that the ACME challenge server listens on. For http-01 challenges in production, this must listen on port 80.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``challenge_server_interface``: Name of the interface that the ACME challenge server listens on. For http-01 challenges in production, this interface must be exposed publicly on port 80.
```
